well meanwhile the armed wing of
Palestinian Islamic Jihad the Al's
Brigade says it's prepared to release
some captives for humanitarian
reasons we announce we are prepared to
release a woman for humanitarian and
health reasons considering we will not
be able to offer her medical treatment
we are also prepared to release a young
man for humanitarian reasons because he
is of a young age and consider the
Israeli prisons are full of Palestinian
children this is an initiative that will
come into Force once the necessary
requirements on the field are
present well let's get more on all of
this from Alan fiser he's an occupied
East Jerusalem Alan starting with these
pauses Israel has obviously roundly
rejected a ceasefire but it will there
be these pauses how are the Israelis
talking about
this well the Israelis don't see this as
anything new it would be almost fair to
say they're quite surprised at the
excitement over the white house
announcement they say their policy will
continue There Will Be tactical delays
tactical pauses to help them uh in their
operation of trying to move people out
of Northern Gaza into Southern Gaza and
this is just a continuation of the
existing policy so they see nothing new
in this you remember that it was a week
ago that join Kirby asked Israel for
these tactical pauses the Israel has
always said that there is going to be no
ceasefire and in fact within minutes of
join Kirby's statement being made public
the prime minister's office put out its
own statement saying there will be no
ceasefire until the captives are
released that has been Benjamin
netanyahu's position from the start and
it hasn't changed even with this
announcement from the White House oh
well speaking of captiv Allen have you
heard anything from the Israelis about
this new offer of captives being
released by the aluts
brigades
well they're certainly dismissive of a
video that was released within the last
couple of hours which showed a 77y old
woman and a 13-year-old boy now the
suggestion would be that these are the
two that are being talked about as
possible people to be released uh in the
video they are critical of Benjamin
Netanyahu saying that he is responsible
for the current crisis that has been
largely dismissed in Israel as words
that have been written by Hamas rather
than the true Sentiments of the two
people and they have again called this
propaganda video as for uh the idea that
certain conditions have to be met to
secure their release nothing official
from the Israelis but again we go back
to the statement from Benjamin Netanyahu
there is no ceasefire until all the
captives are released at the same time
Alan fiser there with all the latest
from occupied East Jerusalem thank you
very much Alan